Oh
18 foundation hey Gary to change and
cheese I think there's no free time yeah
I know normally go toilet in station but
you know this time I was desperate nigga
this is the first show at E felony new
toilets yeah cuz how somebody's for the
good ship the toilet seat that fucking
large both
my mom make that big my bun is not that
big look how big this
hey so anyways after complaining about
toyota c and having to hold my hands
against the wall so my bomb didn't have
to touch a toilet seat after brenau I
went hey he's so lucky Jim to the driver
had to knock on the window to wake me up
man time we are Oxbridge oh yeah
Julie is not to me cuz I'm talking to
myself talk to you guys I stop that
stuff I don't watch the site this is Ali
is a day I mean you need at this would
stay in chair good he can you keep watch
over don't worry some adidas throw crews
some dumb Chinese would I so I had to
say before we're gonna look for girls
who are hot anyone not hot always see
that kind of heat do she know her I
don't really do work or sake apart all I
should we say hello hope hello hello
hello damn I must be ugly this look is
pig oh gosh haha she smiled I surely
what we're not a temple
basically we're gonna go get costly an
action gonna go fill me see
there
they've got your passion other guys
fe what do you think of bruno oh yeah
how you did an awesome to play every
society right do you know it's my lips
are you know trying to get it free it's
over I'm already getting black eye on
her why she wearing shades not that
whole kind of thing it's one hot
something you know let's go welcome to
my TV show baby baby well what do you
are go whatever you know as then you got
a lecture one of late are you know
trying to get at three HR you know
trying to get it free from one o'clock
lecture and was the Temne process the
eight past one what way that I just read
you can our eight minutes put makeup on
a negotiator put make four shades on
right let's get to an electron really
really are you trying to seduce your
lecturer reduce your lecturer
oh wow you're beautiful okay no thank
you yes she she said thank you know time
Audrina was bare fun I met more pretty
girls school and more people but I guess
the way to say in America you don't have
to leave ye gala
you